A man named Sanchi who wereillas like him shared an event.
There was no táca exoticice flower in real life, so his face was re han.
A man named Samvis and Sanchis who lived in the same village had a fight with a dodgeball various times.
If they both die from the fight, there is a good reason to bet his own garden.
Samvis's story is about the fights.
ти annoying me
I'm sure you're a little lonely, but I've thought about it for a while, so I'll start the business, so wait a minute.
Because it's a good boy, I'll make the mother talk.
The second chapter of the Shisamatsu Shrine, which was flying out of the front, was the house of the Daikutoryo Yoshidae Kichigoro.
Hello.
Who do you think it is?
Sanji?
Kikumatsu?
What?
What did you say?
What is Kikumatsu?
Then what is Sanji?
What did you say?
I don't remember being your caretaker.
I went somewhere with my mother, but you've never come to see me.
You don't care about me, but you say Sanji is Kikumatsu.
It's a good thing that it's a demon, a demon, a god, a Buddha, and a Buddha.
Don't you know?
I'm sorry.
Sanji, Kikumatsu, my brother.
Sanji, my brother.
Kikumatsu, my father.
Sanji, my father.
Kikumatsu, my lord.
Don't make fun of me.
Toro.
What?
Sanji is here.
Sanji.
Oh, Sanji.
Come up here.
There's a lady, too.
Close the door.
How is your mother?
Your mother?
No, my father is more reliable than my mother.
I knew it.
What kind of father is he?
I thought about it now, but I can't help it if I say it as it is.
So I went up to the head of the village with a little consultation.
What?
Consultation?
Don't do it.
This year, your father and I are in our 50s.
50 is already old.
You're a priest, aren't you?
It's not good for a 59-year-old man to be consulted by a child who becomes a priest.
If it's the same thing, I'll just say it.
Then I'll just say it.
What?
I asked for advice to start a business.